a window is an open space to life we
know it and that's why we apply all our
effort all our creativity and all the
strength of our organization and
manufacturing the best windows and
facades
[Music]
strategically located in the northern
end of South America and the Colombian
Caribbean coast we can guarantee to our
customers in Colombia Panama USA and
other locations around the world the
best quality superb service and fair
prices since April 1994 techni class
transforms and markets class always with
one objective in mind satisfying our
customers needs by offering a broad
variety of high quality products
we cut our glass with millimetric
accuracy using the latest technology the
art of tempering glass is a specialty at
our company our automated furnaces
generate tempered glass with minimum
roll wave and excellent optical quality
our lamination process is performed in
an airtight assembly line offering inter
layers and a wide variety of colors and
specifications making us a natural
favorite for all of South Florida's
construction we're complying with the
most demanding safety regulations as a
must due to the high hurricane risk of
this area with the same degree of
quality and dedication and using
extremely high temperatures that softens
the glass and makes it malleable
we manufacture curved glass ideal for
facades interior design projects and
home appliances techno glass also
manufactures insulated glass panels of
two or more glass sheets separated by
aluminum micro perforated profiles
filled with silica gel to control
humidity and double sealed with butyl
and silicon or poly sulphide we can also
fill them with argon or any other gas
according to the customer specifications
another one of our products is high
quality screen printed glass in its
different options crafted with the
latest technology and top quality
materials applying the paint first and
then vitrify again in the tempering
process
and Aleutians the process starts at the
furnace that is fed with primary
aluminum that takes it to temperatures
in excess of 800 degrees centigrade then
the aluminum is blended in an alloy of
silicon magnesium titanium and other
minerals that will optimize it and make
it much stronger the result is a billet
between 4 and 6 metres long
that goes through inhomogeneous ation
process and then is loaded into the
press for its extrusion in our matrix
workshop with millimetric accuracy we
craft every detail in each one of the
molds which will shape the aluminum
profiles the billet is automatically
loaded into the extrusion press and
forced with heat and pressure into the
hardened steel mold that's how we
manufacture strong and durable aluminum
profiles that comply with international
quality standards Aleutians treats its
profiles thermically according to the
tempering specifications of each client
now the profile is ready for its final
process after the profile undergoes a
controlled washing procedure the
painting is applied in a cabin using
reciprocate an electromechanical process
of the latest generation
the profiles are also anodized an
electrochemical process that protects it
from rust allowing multiple color
choices Aleutians achieves its mission
by manufacturing profiles with multiple
specifications a variety of colors and
outstanding quality ready to become an
aluminum solution for our organization a
window is just an opportunity to satisfy
a customer's need first we receive the
architectural blueprints of the project
in our state-of-the-art Design Center
our technical and creative teams provide
support to our customers relevant to
colors widths types of glass aluminum
finishes vents and other design related
issues configuring the final project
proposal once the proposal is approved
by the client
the project starts taking shape in our
industrial facility one of the most
modern in America utilizing
state-of-the-art technology all the
profiles undergo a millimetric cutting
process then it goes into the mechanized
center where the numeric control
machinery performs the drilling
accordingly all the elements are now
ready for assembly which takes place
with special attention to detail using
silicone for hermetic sealing and
holding together profiles and glass
clamps with stainless steel nuts and
bolts the window is now a reality
impeccable finish and design awaiting
only quality control and proper tagging
in the same fashion another product a
door receives the last functionality
time
with the same attention to detail
railings grids marquee storefront
automatic doors bathroom divisions and
the widest variety of windows are
manufactured with one specific view in
mind to fulfill all of our customers
requirements needs and expectations by
providing top-quality products every
time
at techno glass Aleutians and es windows
we have a wealth of extremely high
qualified engineers executives and
workers committed to our customers
ultimate satisfaction we carry on our
process complying with all the
environmental protection rules and
regulations as all our certificates
confirm this is how we put to work the
values that command and guide our
enterprise honesty responsibility and
teamwork always convinced that a window
is a fabulous way to contemplate the
infinite wonders of life
[Music]
you